Why deduct my salary?
Just because this store is surnamed Su
I have the final say
I can't accept it, I can't accept it, I can hold it back
One more word.
It's not as simple as deducting this month's salary.
you
This is your crosstalk master who beat you like this
Ah you are the fuck
It was your daughter's face that hit this young master's hand
Now? This young master's hand is very uncomfortable.
Since you are here
Let your daughter kneel down and kowtow to this young master to apologize
What do you call him?
One is my daughter
Why are you all so bullying?
Can you call him one by one?
Now you know why I'm bothering him
A woman like him deserves to be called one by one.
Yiyi, his name is Yiyi
No wonder Xiaohui is so angry
If I were still alive to Yiyi
You should be as old as him
Xiaohui is right
You don't deserve that name
I took the account book and changed my name this afternoon.
That's my name.
Why should I change?
Must change
I gave him your name
As long as he doesn't want to
No one can make him change
Really?
Then follow what Xiaohui said
Make him kneel down and kowtow in apology
And he broke a glass in our house.
How much is your cup to lose money?
Arrange 100,000
What did you say?
The price of things in our hotel can only be determined by me.
A snake, you are a fool
I'm sorry, then make your daughter kneel
Give our Xiaohui a button head and a broken inch.
Ruthless people
Take it away